//Name: Andrew Vattuone
//Date: 2/22/25
//Title: Lab6 – Minix operating system
//Description: 
This lab involves downloading MINIX and running it using VirtualBox. The MINX copyright statement should be edited so that
it includes your name above the original copyright statement. All files should be edited in the ECC OS rather than MINIX
since it could break MINIX and you might have to recompile it. After the changes are made, MINIX should be recompiled using
make world, and a few other commands to simulate a full power cycle of the machine, and afterward the edited copyright statement
should appear when the edited MINIX loads. This lab is useful for learning about how an OS can be edited, how to run different
OS's on one computer, and how an OS works in general.


Steps:
Start by logging into one of the ECC computers (or use NoMachine to connect virtually). Then look for the VirtualBox app,
select File, and then select Import Appliance. Then set the Source section to Local File System and the File section to 
/local/Vbox/minix3-1-7.ova. Then go into Settings and change the MAC Address Policy to: enerate new MAC addresses for all network adapters.
Click finish afterwards.

Next click on the Settings icon. Make sure that Adapter 1 has Enable Network Adapter is checked, that Attatched is Host-only
adapter, and that the Name is vboxnet0. Aftewrard, click on the button to start the VM. If you want to you can connect
your cursor to the VM you can click on the VM box, but if you decide you don't want to then just press Right Ctrl. Also
it might ask you whether you want to use custom or default MINIX, so just pick one (it'll automatically be default if you
don't choose). When you're asked to login, the username should be: root. Set the password to whatever you want. 

Type the following command in the command line: ifconfig. This gives you the IP address. Afterward type this command into
the command line: tcpd ftp in.ftpd &. This will later allow you to transfer files between your ECC computer OS and the
MINIX OS. Next, go into your ECC computer's file browser, go to Other Locations, and type in the Connect to Server Box:
ftp://<IP>.  <IP> should be replaced with the ip of the MINIX system you got from the ifconfig command. 

For modifying any files, you should always copy and paste them into your own ECC computer instead of editing them directly
on the MINIX VM, as this can cause errors that can crash MINIX and you'll need to reinstall it. If you don't know which 
files you need to change, but you know that these files contain a specific keyword, then type in this command into the 
MINIX command line: grep <keyword> /dir/*. Note that <keyword> should be replaced with the actual keyword you want to search
for (no angle brackets included). This command will look for all instances of the keyword inside all files in the dir 
directory. Note that it'll only search the files directly inside dir - not any files that are inside of directories that
are inside dir. If you want to search one level deeper, then use /dir/sub/* instead, where sub is the subdirectory located
inside of dir. Note that you could also use /dir/*/*, and you could keep using more *s if you want to search deeper. Also
note that if you want to change any file on your own personal computer too and not just MINIX then this also works (as long
as you can use UNIX-based commands). 

In this case since you want to specifically change the MINX boot loader, the file you're looking for will be in a directory inside 
of /usr/src. It'll contain this keyword: 2010. Use grep 2010 /usr/src/*/* and it'll show you which file the pattern is 
located in and which line in the file it occurs on. Then copy and paste the file into your ECC computer and edit it using
a text editor of your choice (using VSCode is easiest. Just open that up, then click file, click open file, and select the
file you want to edit). Then scroll down to the line in the boot loader you want to change, and change it. If you just want
to change the boot-up message, just edit the string containing the message (same line as the line where 2010 is located).
After editing the file you'll need to copy and paste the file from your ECC computer back into its original location in the
MINIX OS. You might have trouble just cut and pasting the file. If you do, try opening 2 windows, one with the file's current
location on your ECC computer and the other with the location where it's supposed to go in MINIX. Then just drag and drop
the file from the ECC window to the MINIX window. This avoids any errors where it says "can't move file to this folder", which
for some reason occurred for me when just clicking copy and paste or dragging and dropping in only one window but was fixed
when I dragged and dropped using both windows. 

Finally, to recompile minix, type in the command line: make world. Afterward, type in the command line: shutdown. 
Then type: exit. Press 2 quickly after typing exit. After this, you should see the modified boot-up statement. 



